D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe.config
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.baml
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.g.cs
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.g.resources
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.baml
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.g.cs
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.baml
D:\Dyplom\FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe.config
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.g.resources
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_Content.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.lref
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_Db.sdf
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!LAST\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe.config
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_Db.sdf
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.baml
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.baml
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.baml
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.baml
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.baml
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.baml
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.g.cs
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.g.cs
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.g.cs
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.g.cs
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.g.cs
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.g.cs
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.g.cs
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.g.cs
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_Content.g.cs
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.baml
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.baml
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.g.resources
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\asus\Documents\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_Db.sdf
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe.config
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\AddPersonWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonListView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\AddPersonWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonListView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.g.resources
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\DeletePersonWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\DeletePersonWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\EditPersonWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR_CSTG_v4 z serch\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\EditPersonWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe.config
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_Db.sdf
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\AddPersonWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\DeletePersonWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\EditPersonWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\AddPersonWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\DeletePersonWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\EditPersonWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_Content.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.lref
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.g.resources
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\AddDeviceWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\AddDeviceWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_Db.sdf
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe.config
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\AddDeviceWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeleteDeviceWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\EditDeviceWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\AddPartWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\DeletePartWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditPartWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditQuantityPartWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\AddPersonWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\DeletePersonWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\EditPersonWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\WorkerGeneralWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\AddDeviceWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeleteDeviceWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\EditDeviceWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\AddPartWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\DeletePartWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditPartWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditQuantityPartWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\AddPersonWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\DeletePersonWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\EditPersonWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\WorkerGeneralWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_Content.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.lref
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.g.resources
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\AddBreakdownView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\AddBreakdownView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\LOGO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordView.g.cs
c:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe.config
c:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
c:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_Db.sdf
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\AddBreakdownView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\AddDeviceWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeleteDeviceWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceListView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\EditDeviceWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\AddPartWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\DeletePartWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditPartWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditQuantityPartWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartListView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\AddPersonWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\DeletePersonWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\EditPersonWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonListView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\WorkerGeneralWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\AddBreakdownView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\AddDeviceWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeleteDeviceWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceListView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\EditDeviceWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\AddPartWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\DeletePartWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditPartWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditQuantityPartWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartListView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\AddPersonWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\DeletePersonWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\EditPersonWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonListView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\WorkerGeneralWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonView.baml
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.g.resources
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Rafał\Documents\Dyplom\Dyplom\Aplikacje\SUR-master(2)\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_Db.sdf
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe.config
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\AddBreakdownView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\BreakdownListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\EditBreakdownWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\AddDeviceWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeleteDeviceWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\EditDeviceWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\AddPartWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\DeletePartWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditPartWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditQuantityPartWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\AddPersonWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\DeletePersonWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\EditPersonWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonListView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\WorkerGeneralWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\AddBreakdownView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\BreakdownListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\BreakdownView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\EditBreakdownWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\AddDeviceWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeleteDeviceWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\EditDeviceWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\AddPartWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\DeletePartWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditPartWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditQuantityPartWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\AddPersonWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\DeletePersonWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\EditPersonWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonListView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\WorkerGeneralWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_Content.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.lref
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\BreakdownView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.g.resources
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\AddBreakdownWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\AddBreakdownWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe.config
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\AddBreakdownView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\BreakdownListView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\EditBreakdownWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\AddDeviceWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeleteDeviceWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceListView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\EditDeviceWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\AddPartWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\DeletePartWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditPartWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditQuantityPartWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartListView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\AddPersonWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\DeletePersonWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\EditPersonWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonListView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\WorkerGeneralWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\AddBreakdownView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\AddBreakdownWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\BreakdownListView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\BreakdownView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\EditBreakdownWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\AddDeviceWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeleteDeviceWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceListView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\EditDeviceWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\AddPartWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\DeletePartWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditPartWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditQuantityPartWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartListView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\AddPersonWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\DeletePersonWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\EditPersonWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonListView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\WorkerGeneralWindowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordView.g.cs
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordWindowView.baml
C:\Users\Wojtek\Desktop\INŻYNIERKA\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe.config
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\AddBreakdownView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\BreakdownListView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\EditBreakdownWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\AddDeviceWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeleteDeviceWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceListView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\EditDeviceWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\AddPartWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\DeletePartWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditPartWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditQuantityPartWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartListView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\AddPersonWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\DeletePersonWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\EditPersonWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonListView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\WorkerGeneralWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AddAreaWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaListView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaSerchListView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\DeleteAreaWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\AddBreakdownView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\AddBreakdownWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\BreakdownListView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\BreakdownView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\EditBreakdownWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\AddDeviceWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeleteDeviceWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceListView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\EditDeviceWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\GeneralWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\AddPartWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\DeletePartWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditPartWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\EditQuantityPartWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartListView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\AddPersonWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\DeletePersonWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\EditPersonWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonListView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\WorkerGeneralWindowView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_Content.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.cache
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG_MarkupCompile.lref
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_Db.sdf
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\AreaView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\AreaViews\EditAreaWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\AddBreakdownWindowView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\BreakdownView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\DeviceViews\DeviceView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PartViews\PartView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\PersonView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.g.resources
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.Properties.Resources.resources
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordView.g.cs
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordView.baml
g:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
h:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\bin\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe.config
h:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.exe
h:\SUR\SUR-master\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\SUR_CSTG.pdb
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordWindowView.g.cs
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\PersonViews\ChangePasswordWindowView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\ChangeStatusBreakdownView.baml
F:\Studia\Dyplom\!FINAL\REPO\SUR_CSTG\SUR_CSTG\obj\Debug\Views\BreakdownViews\ChangeStatusBreakdownView.g.cs
